Now let's say that I go ahead and move this letter inside of a block statement like so I do if true.
Just to kind of separate it out and I can't sort out log the name and then after that I'm just going
to take this line of code right here and throw it up top line so tab it over and then if I save this
you'll see that it prints out Andrew twice instead of throwing an error.
And now I'm going to change it to John just to really illustrate it to you.
So as you can see whenever I put this let variable inside of this code block rate here it's restrained
to this block scope.
So in other words they're not going to interfere with each other even though in general it's not a good
idea to give two different variables the same exact name but just to really illustrates to you that
these really are constrained and they're not the same variable.
So you could have for example a function just as an example and we'll just call it foo.
And then you could have another variable inside of here we'll call it let name equals Jessica.
Then I could copy and paste this and put it inside of here like so.
And that looks a little messy but that's OK.
And then I'll just cancel log the name again and then I'll declare my function right about here foo
and you'll see that it prints out three different names because in this case this variable is restrained
to this block right here.
This code block in this variable is restrained to this code block.